you
[Music]
there's
[Applause]
thank you quick apology that was me that
screwed up the routine the movie yes
you're right afterwards right Craig I
absolutely loved that diet storytelling
there's just an obviously besides that
small mistake you sometimes have a
tendency just to over arch your back
which sometimes loses contact but the
ruling was passionate it was dramatic
you're the kind of dancer I like to rock
up in cotton wool preserve you fair as I
can possibly breathe the first couple
out was Gabby and I thought she deserved
a 9 she went from and I gave her an 8
and I feel the same about you Kelly it
was a 9 all the way and then I don't
matter who bucks it up amazing you know
you were no either 7 an hour
[Applause]
the demise through them you are
definitely the eighth deadly sin to
entrap and we're all sin with you that
was just and credit you on your own
we all love a very big of you